---
title: Reflections on 2025-03-02
timestamp: 1742602498928
---

# Reflections on 2025-03-02

## Updates on Tech Notes Press

Didn't really work on Tech Notes Press very much this week.

Maybe I should keep a work journal like what I do at work.

I did consider using task management tool like Jira but decided that maybe it is too much trouble.

Besides, I want to give this "Do everything on Tech Notes Press" a try.

## Updates on what I did

Let's see, what did I work on this week.

As I recall (see what I mean about keeping a work journal🤔), 
I think my focus was on re-looking at machine learning.

I was of the thought that while large-language models (LLMs) are multi-faceted and nice,
there may be a place still for learning machine-learning.

Initial my argument was that LLMs maybe slow, but given the improvements of the models over time,
that argument has become less convincing.  
Nonetheless, I still think that it is a good thing to learn about machine learning algorithms.

The .NET go-to libraries for machine learning are ML.NET and Infer.NET.  
Maybe I should start a section on them since most articles on the Internet focuses on Python family.

I also re-look at doing algorithm trading. 😏  
Yeah, this is a recurring topic every so often.  
Everytime I get to the serious parts, my workload just increased to the point where I have to put
more attention to things that I have to research about work.

## Next steps

While the weekend is not over, maybe I should focus:

1. Get the script to publish to Neocities working
2. Get candles for algo-trading
3. Work out order placement PS script
4. Machine learning candles for algo-trading
5. Consider working out a component for Tech Notes Press for tasks like these
   (link Roadmap!🦜).